chore(*): update-readme-16-jun-2023 (#72)
IgniteUI/igniteui-blazor: README.md

[Ignite UI for Blazor](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor) is a complete library of UI components, giving you the ability to build modern web applications using encapsulation and the concept of reusable components in a dependency-free approach. 
All components are based on the [Indigo.Design Design System](https://www.infragistics.com/products/appbuilder/ui-toolkit) and are backed by ready-to-use UI kits for Sketch, Adobe XD and Figma.

## Browser Support

![chrome_48x48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2188411/168109445-fbd7b217-35f9-44d1-8002-1eb97e39cdc6.png) | ![firefox_48x48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2188411/168109465-e46305ee-f69f-4fa5-8f4a-14876f7fd3ca.png) | ![edge_48x48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2188411/168109472-a730f8c0-3822-4ae6-9f54-785a66695245.png) | ![opera_48x48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2188411/168109520-b6865a6c-b69f-44a4-9948-748d8afd687c.png) | ![safari_48x48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2188411/168109527-6c58f2cf-7386-4b97-98b1-cfe0ab4e8626.png)
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ |

## Purpose

> This repository is intended for clients to create feature requests, log bugs, and ask questions related to [Ignite UI for Blazor](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor). Please note that this repository does not contain any source code or allow for direct code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is intended for users to create feature requests, submit issues, and ask questions related to [Ignite UI for Blazor](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor). Please note that this repository does not contain any source code or allow for direct code changes.
```

## Overview

|Components|Status|Documentation|
|:--|:--:|:--:|

> |Combo|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/inputs/combo/overview)

Reviewer: Order them alphabetically.

|Input|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/inputs/input)|
|List|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/grids/list)|
|Navigation Bar (Navbar)|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/menus/navbar)|
|Navigation Drawer|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/menus/navigation-drawer)|
|Radio|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/inputs/radio)|
|Radio Group|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/inputs/radio)|
|Ripple|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/inputs/ripple)|
|Switch|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/inputs/switch)|

## Grid components

|Components|Status|Documentation|Released Version|
|:--|:--:|:--:|:--:|

> |Pivot Grid|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/grids/pivot-grid/overview)|

Reviewer: Order them alphabetically.

|Data Grid|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/grids/grid/overview)||
|Tree Grid|:white_check_mark:|[Docs](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/grids/tree-grid/overview)||

## Usage

### [Ignite UI for Blazor Server App](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/general-getting-started#install-ignite-ui-for-blazor)

### [Ignite UI for Blazor WebAssembly](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/general-getting-started-blazor-client)

### [Dock Manager - EXCLUSIVE FEATURE](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-blazor/blazor/components/layouts/dock-manager)

> Provide a complete windowing experience, splitting complex layouts into smaller, easier-to-manage panes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a complete multi-window experience, splitting complex layouts into smaller, easier-to-manage, and modify panes. 
```
